time
this was looks as though atoll Krypton
as we get down low again it is Krypton
factor back around being led around
waiting his turn as they work with
Krypton factor meanwhile fabulous one
goes up into gate 5 so two left out the
white cap from the overhead shot tells
us it's back awry and the other one must
be final venture I think it is yes cell
we're ready to run the NAD L Sheba turf
sprint gammas Towey racing Jemma seemed
to jump in the air when the starter said
go back around behind the place early
Krypton factor Solar Flare left will
speed hook in the center passed away
final venture Caspian Prince Magnus
Maximus on the far side all showing
paces Caspian Prince went to the lead
from final venture fabulous one moves up
to be third Magnus Maximus not far away
speed Hawk is just behind the place
followed by gamma Roy Sade Solar Flare
the right mouth is not far back and
further back then his jungle cat as they
steamed down towards the course proper
having run a quarter in 23.6 Caspian
Prince in front of fabulous one then
came final venture Magnus Maximus the
right man
further back was gamma speed horf jungle
cats behind those with the shorter 400
fabulous one goes up the Caspian prints
the right man on the grandstand side and
jungle cat jungle cats burst through on
the inside Becker a spell on him through
jungle cat in Freddie got away from back
around on the right man at jungle cat
jackal cats one beating back around the
right man to P final bench of muster
live
Caspian print speed hawk Roy said
fabulous one tire he Magnus Maximus
Krypton factor solar flare watchable and
gamma came in last of all but the pace
on stalled the tail and he's one jungle
cat turn the tables on back around and
in what has been a distinguished career
records only his third win